487-3279
=
    Problem: 1002 [http://acm.pku.edu.cn/JudgeOnline/problem?id=1002]
    Time Limit: 2000MS
    Memory Limit: 65536K

Description
=

    Businesses like to have memorable telephone numbers. One way to make a
    telephone number memorable is to have it spell a memorable word or phrase.
    For example, you can call the University of Waterloo by dialing the
    memorable TUT-GLOP. Sometimes only part of the number is used to spell a
    word. When you get back to your hotel tonight you can order a pizza from
    Gino's by dialing 310-GINO. Another way to make a telephone number
    memorable is to group the digits in a memorable way. You could order your
    pizza from Pizza Hut by calling their ``three tens'' number 3-10-10-10.

    The standard form of a telephone number is seven decimal digits with a
    hyphen between the third and fourth digits (e.g. 888-1200). The keypad of a
    phone supplies the mapping of letters to numbers, as follows:

    A, B, and C map to 2
    D, E, and F map to 3
    G, H, and I map to 4
    J, K, and L map to 5
    M, N, and O map to 6
    P, R, and S map to 7
    T, U, and V map to 8
    W, X, and Y map to 9

    There is no mapping for Q or Z. Hyphens are not dialed, and can be added
    and removed as necessary. The standard form of TUT-GLOP is 888-4567, the
    standard form of 310-GINO is 310-4466, and the standard form of 3-10-10-10
    is 310-1010.

    Two telephone numbers are equivalent if they have the same standard form.
    (They dial the same number.)

    Your company is compiling a directory of telephone numbers from local
    businesses. As part of the quality control process you want to check that
    no two (or more) businesses in the directory have the same telephone
    number.

Input
=

    The input will consist of one case. The first line of the input specifies
    the number of telephone numbers in the directory (up to 100,000) as a
    positive integer alone on the line. The remaining lines list the telephone
    numbers in the directory, with each number alone on a line. Each telephone
    number consists of a string composed of decimal digits, uppercase letters
    (excluding Q and Z) and hyphens. Exactly seven of the characters in the
    string will be digits or letters.

Output
=

    Generate a line of output for each telephone number that appears more than
    once in any form. The line should give the telephone number in standard
    form, followed by a space, followed by the number of times the telephone
    number appears in the directory. Arrange the output lines by telephone
    number in ascending lexicographical order. If there are no duplicates in
    the input print the line:

    No duplicates.

Sample Input
=

    12
    4873279
    ITS-EASY
    888-4567
    3-10-10-10
    888-GLOP
    TUT-GLOP
    967-11-11
    310-GINO
    F101010
    888-1200
    -4-8-7-3-2-7-9-
    487-3279

Sample Output
=

    310-1010 2
    487-3279 4
    888-4567 3

