DNA Sorting
=

    Time Limit: 1000MS
    Memory Limit: 10000K

Description
=

    One measure of ``unsortedness'' in a sequence is the number of pairs of
    entries that are out of order with respect to each other. For instance, in
    the letter sequence ``DAABEC'', this measure is 5, since D is greater than
    four letters to its right and E is greater than one letter to its right.
    This measure is called the number of inversions in the sequence. The
    sequence ``AACEDGG'' has only one inversion (E and D)---it is nearly
    sorted---while the sequence ``ZWQM'' has 6 inversions (it is as unsorted as
    can be---exactly the reverse of sorted).

    You are responsible for cataloguing a sequence of DNA strings (sequences
    containing only the four letters A, C, G, and T). However, you want to
    catalog them, not in alphabetical order, but rather in order of
    ``sortedness'', from ``most sorted'' to ``least sorted''. All the strings
    are of the same length.

Input
=

    The first line contains two integers: a positive integer n (0 < n <= 50)
    giving the length of the strings; and a positive integer m (0 < m <= 100)
    giving the number of strings. These are followed by m lines, each
    containing a string of length n.

Output
=

    Output the list of input strings, arranged from ``most sorted'' to ``least
    sorted''. Since two strings can be equally sorted, then output them
    according to the orginal order.

Sample Input
=

    10 6
    AACATGAAGG
    TTTTGGCCAA
    TTTGGCCAAA
    GATCAGATTT
    CCCGGGGGGA
    ATCGATGCAT

Sample Output
=

    CCCGGGGGGA
    AACATGAAGG
    GATCAGATTT
    ATCGATGCAT
    TTTTGGCCAA
    TTTGGCCAAA

